# DispatchDepot
This application has been built to model the despatch processes of an electric supplier, which will help the company keep track of parcels coming through it. When building this project, I took into account some feedback from the last assessment. You told me to favour a switch statement instead of if else when possible, which I have followed when it comes to selection on primitive variables, where I have used a switch statement when there are more than 2 branches.  I have also attempted to make my methods shorter and where possible created a new method to deal with repetitive tasks, like for instance the setupLabel method which made the constructor for my panel much smaller, as well as the addGridBagLayout method making the construction of new JPanels much shorter and efficient.
Looking at my final application, I find that I have succeeded in achieving all of the functional aspects of the application, although testing is a major flaw in my application design and having dedicated most of my time to development of the program my testing has been equally insufficient as in the last assessment, although I have been testing through developing with different valid use cases, meaning fringe cases that I have not considered might cause errors. I am also unsatisfied with the design of my application, although I like the initial template and I considered that the scenario meant focusing on implementing the functionality of the program was much more important than the GUI aspects, and the GUI is clear enough to not be unclear to a new user and has enough controls to be a usable application. If I could I would attempt to improve the borders around my bay areas as they are of uneven length (as all panels are given the same thickness), and attempt to improve the main design including the bottom button row as these come off as too close to my bay areas. My commenting through JavaDoc was also a bit lacking as I am inexperienced in commenting through this, although I believe there to be sufficient comments to make the code easily understandable.
My approach on this assignment was very similar to the last assessment, lacking a lot of testing but implementing the functionality. If I would do this task again, I would give much more time to the later aspects of this which I haven’t fully committed to. Same as last time, I implemented the basic functionality easily with planning, but found several problems came up during the development of the program. These could have been avoided through seeking more help from tutors at the university and would have given me more time for testing and commenting. I also only was able to complete the required functionality and not any extra features that would have made my program of a higher quality, like for instance the GUI panel showing the details of programs. However, I feel I have been successful at the development of this program as it fulfils the functionality set out and for a business looking for this program, they’re going to favour the most functional over the most attractive.
